# Bank-Networks-and-Contagion
Using new formulae to produce bank networks and applying contagion modeling to said networks in order to replicate the spread of economic crashes.

Data on the twenty banks that received the most in bailouts due to the 2008 crash was compiled. The 10-Q forms with the information on the balance sheet, compiled by the SEC, was collected to create a .csv with the amounts of each asset and total liabilities. 180 hypothetical banks were then created in groups of twenty two banks, where each group had different allocations of assets. This data was then used to form the network of banks using multiple different filters to determine each link. First, the proportion that a bank could lend/receive in loans was calculated, and then penalties were applied accordingly. Then, a connection was created with a probability determined by the ratio of penalties, and this connection’s value was added to the overall value. Next, the connection is kept or discarded based on a set probability. This whole process is a simplified version of the method put forth by Kartik Anand et. al. The final step involved calculating the two banks in the connection’s ratio of assets to determine the weight of the connection. Once the network was completed, a simple SIR was run overtop of it to simulate a crash propagating through banks. Multiple iterations were run on multiple different beta values to test whether or not a single distribution was effective across multiple levels of virality.
